Base: Add new Mouse + MouseSettings help (#15055)
SerenityOS/serenity: Base/usr/share/man/man1/Mouse.md

## Name

![Icon](/res/icons/16x16/app-mouse.png) Mouse - Mouse Demo

[Open](file:///bin/Mouse)

## Synopsis

```**sh
$ Mouse
```

## Description

> `Mouse` is an application that displays interactive graphical mouse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mouse is an application that displays interactive graphical mouse.
```

Backticks are reserved for code, this is not code :)

> It simulates mouse clicks respective of the physical button pressed. It detects and displays corresponding left button, middle button, right button clicks, middle scroll wheel movements. It also shows side mouse button clicks if your mouse supports it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It simulates mouse clicks respective of the physical button pressed. It detects and displays corresponding left button, middle button, right button clicks, and middle scroll wheel movements. It also shows side mouse button clicks if supported by the connected mouse.
```
